The day was nice in 1133 CE.
Jesus was busy in the temple teaching just a few days prior to his death.
He silenced the scribes and the Pharisees with his irrefutable logic, at the same time
sharing some of the most profound teachings of his earthly ministry.
For instance, pay back Caesar's things to Caesar, but God's things to God.
Then one of the scribes came forward and asked Jesus, what is the greatest commandment?
How did Jesus respond?
His response would have far-reaching implications even down to our day for anyone claiming
to be a Christian.
We find his response in Mark chapter 12, I invite you to turn there.
Mark chapter 12, and notice please with me verses 29 and 30.
Mark 12, 29 and 30, Jesus answered the first or the most important commandment.
The greatest commandment is, here, O Israel, Jehovah, our God is one Jehovah.
And you must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and
with your whole mind and with your whole strength.
You must love Jehovah, love God.
It sounds simple, right?
Well billions of people claim to love God, but they love pleasures more, or they're
willing to fight and kill their fellow man, or they refuse to live by God's moral standards.
All such things contradict their claim to love God.
Well Jesus demonstrated that love of God requires more than a feeling of affection.
Jesus stressed how completely we must love God with our whole heart, with our whole soul,
with our whole mind, with our whole strength.
Does that leave anything out?
Our eyes, our ears, our hands?
Well the study notes on verse 30 help us to understand that this includes our emotions,
desires, and feelings.
It includes our intellectual faculties and power of reason.
It includes our physical and mental strength.
Yes, our whole being, all that we are, we must devote to our love to Jehovah.
Love for God must govern a person's entire life.
Nothing is left out.
Well, shortly after emphasizing the greatest commandment, and again we're thinking of Jesus,
he's there in the temple shortly after emphasizing the greatest commandment, Jesus shines a light
on both bad and good examples of love for God.
First he sharply condemned the scribes and the Pharisees for their pretense of love for
God.
Now, if you want the full condemnation, it's found in Matthew chapter 23.
Those hypocrites, they gave even the tenth or a tithe of small tiny herbs, but they ignored
the weightier matters of justice and mercy and faithfulness.
That was the bad example.
But then Jesus gave his attention to an outstanding example of love for God.
If you're still there in Mark chapter 12, notice starting in verse 41.
And Jesus sat down with the treasury chests in view and began observing how the crowd
was dropping money into the treasury chests.
And many rich people were dropping in many coins.
Now a poor widow came and dropped in two small coins, a very little value.
So he called his disciples to him and said to them, truly, I say to you that this poor
widow put in more than all the others who put money into the treasury chests.
So they all put in out of their surplus, but she, out of her want, put in everything she
had, all she had to live on.
The coins of the needy widow were worth about 15 minutes wages.
Yet Jesus expressed his father's view of her worship.
He commended her whole soul's sacrifice.
What do we learn?
Well, clearly the lessons go far beyond material giving.
Life in our worship of Jehovah is important to him.
Jehovah doesn't compare us with others or even previous versions of ourselves, younger
versions of ourselves.
Jehovah simply wants love for him with our whole heart, soul, mind, and strength.
Not as they were 10 or 20 years ago, but as they currently are now.
Now a question in reference to love for Jehovah.
Is it reasonable for Jehovah to expect us to love him with our whole heart, soul,
mind, and strength?
Is it reasonable?
Yes, absolutely.
Why can we say that?
Because Jehovah loves us with his whole heart, soul, mind, and strength.
How so?
Well, let's turn to Isaiah chapters 40 through 44.
And there will consider a few of the many reasons we have to love Jehovah.
And at the same time, we'll consider some examples of the depth of Jehovah's love for us.
So our first example is in Isaiah chapter 40 and notice, please verse 11, Isaiah 40 verse
11.
There it says, like a shepherd, he will care for his flock.
With his arm, he will gather together the lambs and in his bosom, he will carry them.
He will gently lead those nursing their young.
Here we find a beautiful word picture of Jehovah.
Jehovah is a tender shepherd.
At Ezekiel chapter 34 verses 15 and 16, Jehovah says, I myself will feed my sheep.
The last one I will search for, the stray, I will bring back the injured, I will bandage
as we notice in the illustration and the weak, I will strengthen what a touching picture
of compassion and tender care.
If we fall and hurt ourselves, or if we stumble in the briar patch, sort of speak, Jehovah
bandages us.
He helps us to heal.
When we seek his help, he doesn't reproach us.
You should have known better, no.
But he does try to help us not to stray in the future with reminders from his word.
And what is the effect on the sheep?
So as we saw in the illustration, he feels secure in Jehovah's care.
How do we feel in Jehovah's care?
His compassion at care.
We too feel secure.
We might say that Jehovah loves us with all his heart, his compassion.
Doesn't that increase your love for him?
Let's consider a second reason why we have that we have to love Jehovah.
Isaiah chapter 40, notice verses 28 and 29.
Verse 28 says, Do you not know?
Have you not heard?
Jehovah, the creator of the ends of the earth, is a God for all eternity.
He never tires out or grows weary.
His understanding is unsearchable.
He gives power to the tired one and full might to those lacking strength.
With Jehovah's mighty Holy Spirit, he created everything beginning with his first born son
to myriads of mighty spirit creatures, to the vast universe with its trillions upon trillions
of stars, to this beautiful earth with its endless variety of plant and animal life,
to the human body with its awe-inspiring ability and versatility.
Jehovah is truly the almighty creator.
Now think about this.
What happens when you or I become completely exhausted, completely tired, maybe at the end
of a long day, when a human becomes physically tired?
How does he recharge?
Do we plug into a charging station like an electric car?
No.
We're marvelously designed to recharge through rest and the food that we take into our
bodies are fuel.
The calories, the energy and food are evidence of Jehovah's love.
Not only does it recharge us, but it brings us delight, too.
What did you have for breakfast?
Maybe here at the assembly hall.
The average glazed doughnut contains about 190 to 300 calories.
We hope you're not counting calories during this annual meeting season.
But whatever your choice, the energy and food is a gift of Almighty God to help sustain
us, to recharge us.
And now a question that we ask, though, what happens when we become tired of dealing with
life's trials?
Maybe with problems that don't have a solution in this system of things.
Well, when we maintain a good spiritual routine, then Jehovah gives us power, power to the
tired one.
His Holy Spirit strengthens us, enables us to go forward in the battle yet another day.
The power beyond what is normal strengthens us.
Yes, Jehovah gives power to the tired one.
We might say that Jehovah loves us with all his strength.
Doesn't that draw you to him as a person?
Let's consider another reason we have to love Jehovah.
This time in Isaiah chapter 41, verses 10 and 13, there our God says,
Do not be afraid, for I am with you.
Do not be anxious for I am your God.
I will fortify you, yes, I will help you.
I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.
Verse 13, for I Jehovah your God am grasping your right hand.
The one saying to you, Do not be afraid, I will help you.
Jehovah is our helper, Jehovah grasps our right hand with his right hand of righteousness.
In other words, he at times pulls us out of distressing circumstances in life.
Jehovah rescued his people from slavery in Egypt.
Isaiah 63 verse 9 says, During all their distress, it was distressing to him and he lifted
them up and carried them all the days of old.
When was the last time that Jehovah rescued you from a trial?
In Psalm 18, David used very poetic language to describe Jehovah's remarkable ability to
rescue us.
Psalm 18 verses 8 through 10, smoke ascended from his nostrils, and a consuming fire came
from his mouth.
He made the heavens bend as he descended, and thick gloom was beneath his feet.
He rode on a cherub and came flying.
He swooped down on the wings of a spirit.
Verse 16 says, He reached down from on high.
He took hold of me and pulled me from deep waters.
Verse 19, He brought me out into a place of safety.
He rescued me because he was pleased with me.
Can you imagine Jehovah reaching down with his right hand of righteousness and rescuing
you from a trial?
Why?
Because Jehovah loves us with all his soul, his whole being.
How does that make you feel?
Does it draw you closer to your Heavenly Father?
Let's consider a fourth reason we have to love Jehovah.
Isaiah chapter 42 verses 8 and 9.
It says, I am Jehovah.
That is my name.
I give my glory to no one else, nor my praise to graven images.
See, the first things have come to pass.
Now I am declaring new things.
Before they spring up, I tell you about them.
Why is this a reason to love Jehovah?
He's a God of prophecy.
What does that mean in simple terms?
Well, Jehovah keeps his promises.
It's linked to his name, Jehovah, which we understand to mean he causes to become.
Not one word of all his good promise that he made through Moses, his servant, has failed.
You said it.
Well, Joshua and Solomon both expressed similar thoughts.
But now here we are 3,000 years after Solomon.
We have more reasons to say that.
More prophecies have been fulfilled since then.
God's kingdom rules.
Pure worship has been restored.
We can emphatically say not one word of all Jehovah's good promises has failed.
But how does that make us love him more?
Well prophecy is the basis for hope.
So when we hear Isaiah 33, 24, or John 5, 28, and 29, or Revelation 21, 3, and 4, we think
about the effect that the disappearance of sickness, pain, and death will have for us and
for our loved ones, the resurrection.
Do you long to welcome back loved ones?
It's as good as done.
God's personal name is a guarantee.
Jehovah makes the dead alive and calls the things that are not as though they are.
Why?
Because his promises are absolutely certain of fulfillment.
Jeremiah chapter 29 verse 11.
There Jehovah says, I will know the thoughts that I am thinking toward you.
Lots of peace and not of calamity to give you a future and a hope.
We might say Jehovah loves us with all his mind.
Jehovah will make his very own thoughts toward you a reality.
How does that make you feel?
Well, from Isaiah's prophecy, we've considered just four reasons to love Jehovah.
First, he's our shepherd.
Second, he's our creator.
Third, he's our helper.
And finally, he's a God of prophecy.
Certainly you can think of other reasons to love Jehovah.
Note what a few individuals said when asked why they particularly love Jehovah.
One brother said, I love Jehovah because he listens to my prayers.
When sister said, Jehovah is approachable.
It's a privilege to have a friend who I can talk to at any moment of the day and know that
he will understand me.
Another sister said, because of all the things he made for absolutely no reason except that
he loves us.
We don't need to taste food to survive.
The sunset doesn't need to be beautiful.
Music doesn't have to exist, but it does.
One reason I love Jehovah is because he goes above and beyond and is love for us.
Another brother said this, I love Jehovah for his forgiveness.
And really, doesn't that bring to our minds Jehovah's greatest expression of love?
The ransom sacrifice of his son, Jesus.
So the question for each of us, why do I love Jehovah?
Why do you love Jehovah?
Well, what does our love motivate us to do?
It's linked with the words of Isaiah chapter 43, verse 10.
Isaiah 43, verse 10, Jehovah says, you are my witnesses.
Yes, my servant whom I have chosen.
While thrilling, it must have been a 1931 to hear brother Rutherford express the new name
that we've come to cherish, 1931, Jehovah's Witnesses.
And for what purpose has Jehovah chosen us as witnesses?
Isaiah 43, notice verse 21, it says, the people whom I formed for myself so that they might
declare my praise.
Jehovah has chosen us to declare his praise.
Love Jehovah.
Praise Jehovah.
What a privilege.
Jehovah could use rocks, he could use trees, he could use birds, he could use beasts of
the field, but no, he's chosen his faithful servants.
He's chosen you and me to declare his praise.
Recently on a trip to the Western United States, my wife and I were able to observe bison,
elk, and mousse.
From a safe distance, of course, they're humongous, very powerful animals.
What if Jehovah had chosen one of them to declare his praise?
Every time you would approach, they would say, praise jaw.
But he hasn't.
They just eat grass.
They praise Jehovah in a different way.
But the fact of the matter is, Jehovah has chosen us to declare his praise, to extol his
virtues.
Jehovah isn't looking for programmed praise or forced or coerced praise, but praise
that comes from a heart full of love.
Love for God's remarkable qualities motivates us to tell the whole world about our great
God.
But many don't want to listen.
What if we face opposition even from governments?
Isaiah 44 verse 8 is what we need to keep in mind, because as we've considered already,
during this program, the time will come when we're going to face opposition.
Isaiah 44 verse 8, some of our brothers in many places are already facing opposition.
Notice what it says, do not be in dread, do not become paralyzed with fear.
Have I not told each of you beforehand and declared it, you are my witnesses.
Is there any God but me?
No, there is no other rock.
I know of none.
Jehovah says, do not be in dread, do not become paralyzed with fear.
We back Caesar's things to Caesar, but God's things to God.
Caesar is on shaky ground when he interferes with what God requires.
So rather than being paralyzed with fear, love for Jehovah conquers fear and moves us to
continue praising him.
And we've seized such determination in our international family of witnesses, a faithful
sister named Tatiana.
Her criminal case for praising Jehovah is pending, and her husband is currently in
pretrial detention.
But she says, during the most difficult moments, I continue to sense that Jehovah is with
me and I feel confident that with his help, I can endure whatever trials may yet come.
My heart is filled with peace and calmness.
I am more determined than ever to tell others about Jehovah.
I am proud to be one of Jehovah's witnesses.
Yes, Tatiana's love for Jehovah moves her to continue praising him.
Well, the Bible doesn't tell us how many hours we have to share in the ministry each month.
But it does tell us that love for God must be our motivation.
The greater our love, the fuller our share will be in accord with our personal circumstances.
We prove that we are Jehovah's witnesses by our conduct and by our zeal in praising
him formally and informally.
May our deep love for Jehovah move us to tell as many people as possible about our great
God, Jehovah.